{{{
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
5.8. Mathematical formulae                              *vimwiki-syntax-math*

Mathematical formulae are highlighted, and can be rendered in HTML using the
powerful open source display engine MathJax (http://www.mathjax.org/).

There are three supported syntaxes, which are inline, block display and
block environment.

Inline math is for short formulae within text. It is enclosed by single
dollar signs, e.g.:
 $ \sum_i a_i^2 = 1 $

Block display creates a centered formula with some spacing before and after
it. It must start with a line including only {{$, then an arbitrary number
of mathematical text are allowed, and it must end with a line including only
}}$.
E.g.:
 {{$
 \sm_i a_i^2
 =
 1
 }}$

Note: no matter how many lines are used in the text file, the HTML will
compress it to one line only.

Block environment is similar to block display, but is able to use specific
LaTeX environments, such as 'align'. The syntax is the same as for block
display, except for the first line which is {{$%environment%.
E.g.:
 {{$%align%
 \sum_i a_i^2 &= 1 + 1 \\
 &= 2.
 }}$

Similar compression rules for the HTML page hold (as MathJax interprets the
LaTeX code).

Note: the highlighting in Vim is automatic. For the rendering in HTML, you
have two alternative options:

1. installing MathJax locally (Recommended: faster, no internet required).
Choose a folder on your hard drive and save MathJax in it. Then add to your
HTML template the following line:

<script type="text/javascript" src="<mathjax_folder>/es5/tex-chtml.js?config=TeX-AMS-MML_HTMLorMML"></script>

where <mathjax_folder> is the folder on your HD, as a relative path to the
template folder. For instance, a sensible folder structure could be:

- wiki
  - text
  - html
  - templates
  - mathjax

In this case, <mathjax_folder> would be "../mathjax" (without quotes).

2. Loading MathJax from a CDN-server (needs internet connection).
Add to your HTML template the following lines:

<script src="https://polyfill.io/v3/polyfill.min.js?features=es6"></script>
<script id="MathJax-script" async src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/mathjax@3/es5/tex-mml-chtml.js"></script>u
  }}}
