{{{
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
3.3. Text objects                                       *vimwiki-text-objects*

ah                      A header including its content up to the next header.
ih                      The content under a header (like 'ah', but excluding
                        the header itself and trailing empty lines).

aH                      A header including all of its subheaders. When [count]
                        is 2, include the parent header, when [count] is 3,
                        the grandparent and so on.
iH                      Like 'aH', but excluding the header itself and
                        trailing empty lines.

Examples:
- type 'cih' to change the content under the current header
- 'daH' deletes an entire header plus its content including the content of all
  of its subheaders
- 'v2aH' selects the parent header of the header the cursor is under plus all
  of the content of all of its subheaders

a\                      A cell in a table.
i\                      An inner cell in a table.
ac                      A column in a table.
ic                      An inner column in a table.

al                      A list item plus its children.
il                      A single list item.

These key mappings can be modified by replacing the default keys: >

  omap ah <Plug>VimwikiTextObjHeader
  vmap ah <Plug>VimwikiTextObjHeaderV
  omap ih <Plug>VimwikiTextObjHeaderContent
  vmap ih <Plug>VimwikiTextObjHeaderContentV
  omap aH <Plug>VimwikiTextObjHeaderSub
  vmap aH <Plug>VimwikiTextObjHeaderSubV
  omap iH <Plug>VimwikiTextObjHeaderSubContent
  vmap iH <Plug>VimwikiTextObjHeaderSubContentV
  omap a\ <Plug>VimwikiTextObjTableCell
  vmap a\ <Plug>VimwikiTextObjTableCellV
  omap i\ <Plug>VimwikiTextObjTableCellInner
  vmap i\ <Plug>VimwikiTextObjTableCellInnerV
  omap ac <Plug>VimwikiTextObjColumn
  vmap ac <Plug>VimwikiTextObjColumnV
  omap ic <Plug>VimwikiTextObjColumnInner
  vmap ic <Plug>VimwikiTextObjColumnInnerV
  omap al <Plug>VimwikiTextObjListChildren
  vmap al <Plug>VimwikiTextObjListChildrenV
  omap il <Plug>VimwikiTextObjListSingle
  vmap il <Plug>VimwikiTextObjListSingleV
}}}
